README.md, before:

A fork of https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV for personal use.

### Purpose
- Focus on hooking into existing (WP) projects
- Speed up the "vagrant up" process by stripping bloat from the provisioning
- Simplify host + symlink creation
- Expand DB import/export functionality
- Anything that makes it ideal as a single box with many projects
- Keep list of changes here
- Keep repo up to date with VVV

### Applied features
- Switch to trusty32 for lighter performance
- Skip WordPress installs, updates & databases
- Remove WP related hosts (start with only vvv.dev for the dashboard)
- Strip vagrant version pre-1.3 code
- Enable SSL certificate for all .dev domains
- Automatically create a database for an .sql dump if it doesn't exist (user: admin/admin)
- Skip installation of subversion (svn), vim, colordiff

### Todo
- Avoid checking if the ubuntu box is up to date
- Drop & reimport a database if it already exists (adds the ability to overwrite with newer version)
- Run DB checks during vagrant up
- No Xdebug?
- PHP7
- Simplify virtual host / symlink management (tweak provision:custom_vvv())
- Strip all VM providers except virtualbox
- Skip apt-get update?
- Make provision.sh:tools_install() lighter

### Reference
- Connect to mysql externally via 192.168.50.4:external/external

Commit message:

Added custom config sample files

README.md, after:

A fork of https://github.com/Varying-Vagrant-Vagrants/VVV for personal use.

### Purpose
- Focus on hooking into existing (WP) projects
- Speed up the "vagrant up" process by stripping bloat from the provisioning
- Simplify host + symlink creation
- Expand DB import/export functionality
- Anything that makes it ideal as a single box with many projects
- Keep list of changes here
- Keep repo up to date with VVV

### Applied features
- Switched to trusty32 for lighter performance
- Removed WordPress installs, updates, databases & hosts (start with only vvv.dev for the dashboard)
- Stripped vagrant version pre-1.3 code
- Enabled SSL certificate for all .dev domains
- Automatically create a database for an .sql dump if it doesn't exist during provision
- Removed installation of subversion (svn), vim, colordiff
- Added ./Customfile-sample and ./www/vvv-nginx.conf-sample

### Todo
- Automate/simplify project / virtual host / symlink / database management
- Avoid checking if the ubuntu box is up to date
- Drop & reimport a database if it already exists (adds the ability to overwrite with newer version)
- Run DB checks during vagrant up
- No Xdebug?
- PHP7
- Strip all VM providers except virtualbox
- Skip apt-get update?
- Make provision.sh:tools_install() lighter
- Add empty database .sql sample for new projects

### Adding a project
1. Existing DB: Put your .sql in **./database/backups**
1. New DB: //todo Copy & rename ./database/empty.sql to start with an empty database
2. Rename ./www/vvv-nginx.conf-sample to **./www/vvv-nginx.conf** and add your project's vhost config
3. Rename ./Customfile-sample to **./Customfile** and add a symlink to your local project folder
4. Add the domain to your **local hosts file**, pointing to 192.168.50.4
5. Run "vagrant provision"

### Other references
- vagrant up
- vagrant suspend
- vagrant halt
- vagrant provision
- vagrant status
- vagrant global-status
- vagrant box update
- Visit vvv.dev for the vvv dashboard
- Connect to mysql externally via 192.168.50.4:external/external
- Connect to imported databases with admin/admin
